com/example/sweater/service/MailSender.java
 com.example.sweater.service.MailSender
com/example/sweater/domain/User.java
 com.example.sweater.domain.User
com/example/sweater/config/MailConfig.java
 com.example.sweater.config.MailConfig
com/example/sweater/config/MvcConfig.java
 com.example.sweater.config.MvcConfig
com/example/sweater/domain/Message.java
 com.example.sweater.domain.Message
com/example/sweater/service/UserSevice.java
 com.example.sweater.service.UserSevice
com/example/sweater/domain/util/MessageHelper.java
 com.example.sweater.domain.util.MessageHelper
com/example/sweater/service/MessageService.java
 com.example.sweater.service.MessageService
com/example/sweater/config/WebSecurityConfig.java
 com.example.sweater.config.WebSecurityConfig
com/example/sweater/controller/RegistrationController.java
 com.example.sweater.controller.RegistrationController
com/example/sweater/domain/dto/CaptchaResponseDto.java
 com.example.sweater.domain.dto.CaptchaResponseDto
com/example/sweater/controller/ControllerUtils.java
 com.example.sweater.controller.ControllerUtils
com/example/sweater/Application.java
 com.example.sweater.Application
com/example/sweater/repos/MessageRepo.java
 com.example.sweater.repos.MessageRepo
com/example/sweater/config/EncriptionConfig.java
 com.example.sweater.config.EncriptionConfig
com/example/sweater/repos/UserRepo.java
 com.example.sweater.repos.UserRepo
com/example/sweater/domain/Role.java
 com.example.sweater.domain.Role
com/example/sweater/util/RedirectInterceptor.java
 com.example.sweater.util.RedirectInterceptor
com/example/sweater/domain/dto/MessageDto.java
 com.example.sweater.domain.dto.MessageDto
com/example/sweater/controller/MessageController.java
 com.example.sweater.controller.MessageController
com/example/sweater/controller/UserController.java
 com.example.sweater.controller.UserController
